    https://codepen.io/Roerark/pen/yLaYePP
    
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Semantic HTML is HTML that has meaning to it. For example, <div> is not semantic, but <header> is, because it defines the header.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML is used as the groundwork/backbone of applications and web pages.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        They provide additional information about the elements that we use.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The h1 tag is usually the title in a page. I believe you should only use it once. 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        <input>, <select>
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        <!DOCTYPE html>
    7. What is an id? 
        ID is used to identify an element in html
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        All of them.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Only once.
    10. What is a class? 
        The class attribute specifies one or more classnames of an element.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        All of them. 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As many times as needed. 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        By adding the target=”_blank” attribute.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        It specifies an alternate text for an image that cannot be displayed.
    15. How do I reference an id?
        # followed by ID name
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        section creates independent sections, while div is an empty container with no special meaning.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        It is used for style a webpage
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        It would be h2 { styling content inside }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        ID should be used to specify one element and class can be used for multiple. For example, <h1 ID="firstsection> or <p class =paragraph1>
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .(name of class)
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human 
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        Selects one selector as the parent and one as the child. This is useful when you would like to select all children elements within a parent element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        div.sidebar a:link
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        Specifies a special state for the element. For example a color change when hovering over the specific text
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        CSS elements such as line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        <div style="border: dotted 1px black" id="mydiv">content</div> 
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        The * button
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* like this */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        type in "whoami"
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        dir 
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
         del /f filename. Must be careful not to delete the entire folder.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        It helps track individual contributions without affecting the main work 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        when your work is tested and working smoothly, not bothering anyone else's work
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        fork, clone, cd into directory, git clone, git checkout, add, commit, push

    Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        Inline elements are on the same line, block elements stack.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
        Define the width of the element
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
        Margin, border, padding, content